Zhou Yu, I'm sorry.
It's my fault for advocating
I can make any compensation you want.
I just fooled so many people with one thought
You told me it was your fault
I did something wrong.
But who hasn't done anything wrong?
Finally, can you give me a chance?
It seems that I used to accompany you through the trough
Jiang Mingrong, what are you doing?
Idiom I did something wrong just because I was confused for a while
You see in our previous relationship
Forgive me this time too, okay?
You once told me
When you're down
It was my voice.
Accompany you through
You only need to hear me sing
You feel that all difficulties are nothing
Have you forgotten all this?
I just hurt my throat
I don't want you to know.
So
So I came up with this plan
Jiang Yurou
I can help you solve this matter.
But I don't want it to happen again.
Chengyu, don't worry.
There will never be a next time
But your throat is broken
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
Lu Chengyu, aren't you curious at all?
Who has been advocating for ginger down behind his back?